init
====

Description
-----------
  Initialize the test instance. This is the test command for TTimmy.Init().

Arguments
---------
  Just as TTimmy.Init() requires parameters, so does the init command requires
  arguments. The usage goes as follow:

    init [PERCENT DEFAULTREP DUPECHECK]

  If no argument is specified, there will be prompts asking for value of each
  of the required inputs to TTimmy.Init() and you have to manually enter them.
  For the first and last prompt (out of 3 prompts), if you enter an empty
  string, the function stops and you are back with the Shell input prompt
  with the instance yet to be initialized.

  If you do specify arguments, however, you have to specify all the arguments to
  TTimmy.Init(), namely, values for 'Percent', 'DefaultRep', and 'DpCheck' of
  constructor Init(). The first argument is regarded as value for 'Percent',
  and, of course, it must be a whole number. The second argumment is the value
  for 'DefaultRep. The last argument is considered the value for 'DpCheck',
  which, you should enter either "true" or "false". "0", "1", and "-1" are also
  valid values, used as replacements for "true" and "false". "0" is "true",
  and "1" and "-1" are interpreted as "false".

    init 70 Sorry,\ it\ seems\ like\ I\ don't\ understand\ that False

  In the example above, 70 is value for 'Percent', 'False' is value for DpCheck,
  and 'Sorry, it seems like I don't understand that' is value for
  DefaultRep. Notice that the space characters in the default reply argument are
  escaped using the backward slash character.

  If you specify only two arguments, or more than 3 arguments, the command will
  throw an error.

Errors
------
  If no argument is specified, prompts will ask you for the arguments. If you
  enter invalid values to the prompts, a warning will be thrown and you have to
  enter again. This is not really an error, but still.

  If you specify arguments but specify only two arguments or more than 3
  arguments, an error is thrown.

  If you specify invalid values for 'Percent' and 'DpCheck' (via arguments),
  an error is thrown, and the instance bot is left uninitialized.

Exit code values
----------------
  100: Operation successful, TTimmy.Init() working as expected
  101: Instance already initiated
  102: User input was empty during the prompt for value of TTimmy.TPercent
       or TTimmy.DupesCheck
  104: Wrong number of arguments passed to the init command
  105: Invalid value for TTimmy.TPercent (taken from the Shell input)
  106: Invalid value for TTimmy.DupesCheck (taken from the Shell input)
  114: Operation successful, but TTimmy.Init() didn't work as expected
