record
======

Description
-----------
  Start or end a record session. During a record session, any input submitted
  by the user to the Shell is recorded, as long as the input is valid.
  When the user terminates the record session, all recorded inputs are then
  written to a text file with the name "inputs.rec", placed in the shell/
  directory. At any time, only ONE record session is running at most.

Arguments
---------
    record [status|start|begin|stop|quit|end]

  If no argument is passed over, start a record session if none hasn't started,
  or end the current record session if recording.

  Take at most 1 argument. There are 6 valid arguments. They are:
    1. status
        Print out the status of the recorder. The status includes whether if
        there's an active recording process running or not, and if there's
        a record session running, print out how many inputs have been recorded.
    2. start, begin
        Start a record session. Print a warning if a record session is running.
    3. stop, quit, end
        End record session and write the record to inputs.rec. If inputs.rec
        exists, a prompt will appear and ask the user whether if the user
        wants to append or overwrite the existing inputs.rec. Entering "a" or
        "append" will append the file. Entering "o" or "overwrite" will
        overwrite the file. Entering anything else will cancel the file writing
        operation. If there's no record session, print a warning.

Errors
------
  The record command asks for at most 1 argument only. If you give it 2 or more
  arguments, an error is thrown.
  If you specify invalid argument, an error is thrown.
  If the IO file check (IOResult) is not 0, an error is thrown too.

Exit code values
----------------
  30: Operation successful (started/stopped recording, inputs written to file)
  31: User wants to start a recording session but one is active
  32: User wants to stop the running session but the recorder is not running
  33: User entered an invalid option when being asked whether to append or
      overwrite to inputs.rec file
  34: User specified more than 1 argument to the record command (that's invalid)
  35: User specified an invalid option to the record command
  36: Failed to write recorded inputs to inputs.rec file (IOResult <> 0)
